Add Testcontainers for .NET documentation (#627)
testcontainers/testcontainers-dotnet: docs/api/create_docker_container.md

# Creating a container

> Testcontainers' generic container support offers the most flexibility, and makes it easy to use virtually any container images as temporary test environments. To interact or exchange data with a container, Testcontainers for .NET provides an implementation of the `TestcontainersBuilder<TDockerContainer>` to configure and create the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testcontainers' generic container support offers the greatest flexibility and makes it easy to use virtually any container image in the context of a temporary test environment. To interact or exchange data with a container, Testcontainers provides  `TestcontainersBuilder<TDockerContainer>` to configure and create the resource.
```

Remove the `for .NET` part here, since back in the discussion we assumed, within an established context, we can use Testcontainers directly. This messaging is likely not yet consistent across the docs, so was thinking we try it out here. 

Open for discussion.

## Examples

> A NGINX container that binds the HTTP port and hosts static content. Hit the static content in your browser at `http://localhost:80` or `http://host-ip:80`.

Reviewer: I would suggest to not advocate for fixed port usage in the docs (not even document it). Part of Testcontainers is ensuring best-practices and in our messaging, we are generally fairly strong on using dynamic ports.

Author: Regarding this and the below example, it is easier for the developer to interact with a fixed port (first hands on). Otherwise we need to explain how to look up the random port mapping to test it in a browser or via telnet.

Reviewer: But that is also how we do it in Java. I agree that it is easier to cater to the existing mindset (devs are used to fixed ports), but we learned when working with the Testcontainers for Java community, that breaking the mentality of fixed ports requires some effort and I would like us to double down on clearly communicating this mindset. Else we will have to investest time to change habits in the future. Indeed in the case of Java, we deprecated our `FixedHostPortContainer` implementation (and plan to remove it eventually). 

This is the corresponding section in Testcontainers that explains how to use dynamic ports, I think it is sufficiently accessible: 
https://www.testcontainers.org/features/networking/

Author: I've updated both examples.

> A NGINX container that binds the HTTP port and hosts static content. Hit the static content in your browser at `http://localhost:80` or `http://host-ip:80`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An NGINX container that binds the HTTP port to a fixed port and hosts static content. Access the static content in your browser at `http://localhost:80` or `http://host-ip:80`.
```

Author: `to a fix host port`?

Reviewer: `to a fixed host port` probably 👍

> An NGINX container that binds the HTTP port and hosts static content. Hit the static content in your browser at `http://localhost:80` or `http://host-ip:80`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Nginx container that binds the HTTP port and hosts static content. Hit the static content in your browser at `http://localhost:80` or `http://host-ip:80`.
```

Reviewer: `An` should be correct here 😅

```csharp

> await new TestcontainersBuilder<TestcontainersContainer>()

Reviewer: Can we get all code examples in the docs from actual code that is executed as part of the build, or is it too much for our first iteration on the docs?

Java does it, Go not yet.

Author: I don't like to do it now. With the dedicated modules, I will restructure the tests, then we can introduce it.

Reviewer: Alright, then let's do it like this for the first iteration 👍

  .WithName(Guid.NewGuid().ToString("D"))
  .WithImage("nginx")
  .WithPortBinding(80)
  .Build()
  .StartAsync()
  .ConfigureAwait(false);
```

Listens on port `80` and always returns `42`. Connect via `nc`, `telnet` or a `Socket` implementation to `localhost:80` or `host-ip:80`.

```csharp
await new TestcontainersBuilder<TestcontainersContainer>()
  .WithName(Guid.NewGuid().ToString("D"))
  .WithImage("alpine")
  .WithExposedPort(80)
  .WithPortBinding(80)
  .WithEnvironment("MAGIC_NUMBER", "42")
  .WithEntrypoint("/bin/sh", "-c")
  .WithCommand("while true; do echo \"$MAGIC_NUMBER\" | nc -l -p 80; done")
  .Build()
  .StartAsync()
  .ConfigureAwait(false);
```

!!!tip

>     To avoid port conflicts, do not bind a fix host port. Instead, assign a random host port by using `WithPortBinding(80, true)` and retrieve it from the container instance by using `GetMappedPublicPort(80)`.

Reviewer: Ah right, this part is great 👍 

I would much prefer if we change the examples above to reflect this best practice.

## Supported commands

> | Builder method                          | Description                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: In Java, you would normally not document methods in a handwritten style in the docs, instead, you use Javadoc for this (to have it close to the code). Is there something similar in .NET?

Author: Yes, there is: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/xmldoc/. The commands where part of the README.md, so I kept them. We can generate the XML documentation in the next step (they are already included in the NuGet).

Reviewer: Ok, let's look into this in the next iteration. I am mostly concerned about violating DRY in documentation when method names are documented by hand. There is a tendency to create inconsistencies in such setups.

|-----------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `WithDockerEndpoint`                    | Sets the Docker daemon socket to connect to.                                                                    |

> | `WithAutoRemove`                        | Will remove the stopped container automatically like `--rm`.                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WithAutoRemove`                        | Will remove the stopped container automatically, similar to using `--rm`.                                                    |
```

| `WithCleanUp`                           | Will remove the container automatically after all tests have been run.                                          |

> | `WithLabel`                             | Applies metadata to the container e.g. `-l, --label testcontainers=awesome`.                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WithLabel`                             | Applies metadata to the container e.g. `--label testcontainers=awesome`.                                    |
```

Author: If added to each method the equivalent CLI arg, some of them have a long and short version. Why should we remove it?

> | `WithResourceReaperSessionId`           | Assigns a Resource Reaper session id to the container.                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WithResourceReaperSessionId`           | Assigns a Resource Reaper session id to the container.  Used for cleanup.                                                        |
```

> | `WithRegistryAuthentication`            | Sets the basic authentication against a private Docker registry.                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WithRegistryAuthentication`            | Sets the basic authentication credentials for accessing a private Docker registry.                                                |
```

> | `WithImage`                             | Specifies an image to derive the container from.                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WithImage`                             | Specifies an image for which to create the container.                                                                |
```

Author: Updated. Sounds bumpy to me.

| `WithImagePullPolicy`                   | Specifies an image pull policy to determine when an image is pulled e.g. `--pull "always"\|"missing"\|"never"`. |

> | `WithName`                              | Sets the container name e.g. `--name testcontainers`.                                                           |

Reviewer: This can lead to conflicts, that's why we don't expose this method in Java in the first place.

Author: We can change or remove it with the language alignment. For now, I would like to keep it. It is a method the builder offers.

Reviewer: Ok, let's document the status quo and work on alignment afterwards 👍

| `WithHostname`                          | Sets the container hostname e.g. `--hostname testcontainers`.                                                   |
| `WithMacAddress`                        | Sets the container MAC address e.g. `--mac-address "00:80:41:ae:fd:7e"`.                                        |
| `WithWorkingDirectory`                  | Specifies or overrides the `WORKDIR` for the instruction sets.                                                  |
| `WithEntrypoint`                        | Specifies or overrides the `ENTRYPOINT` that runs the executable.                                               |
| `WithCommand`                           | Specifies or overrides the `COMMAND` instruction provided in the Dockerfile.                                    |

> | `WithEnvironment`                       | Sets an environment variable in the container e.g. `-e, --env "MAGIC_NUMBER=42"`.                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WithEnvironment`                       | Sets an environment variable in the container e.g. `--env "MAGIC_NUMBER=42"`.                               |
```

Author: ?

> | `WithExposedPort`                       | Exposes a port inside the container e.g. `--expose=80`.                                                         |

Reviewer: This actually does not do anything, it is just a form of documenting exposed ports on the container. The ports are accessible as well if you don't use the flag. Same purpose as `EXPOSE` in Dockerfile.

Author: If the port is not exposed via `Dockerfile` you can expose it via `WithExposedPort`. Otherwise you cannot bind and access it. The magic numer example above would not work otherwise.

Reviewer: Oh you are probably right, `-p` will implicitly expose a port in the CLI I assume. In the case of tc-java, we have slightly different semantics for expose. `container.withExposedPort(80)` will be the same as doing a port publishing like `-p 80`.

> | `WithPortBinding`                       | Publishes a container port to the host e.g. `-p, --publish 80:80`.                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WithPortBinding`                       | Publishes a container port to the host e.g. `--publish 80:80`.                                              |
```

> | `WithBindMount`                         | Binds a path of a file or directory into the container e.g. `-v, --volume .:/tmp`.                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WithBindMount`                         | Binds a path of a file or directory into the container e.g. `--volume .:/tmp`.                              |
```

I always removed the shorthand flag from the examples, to have the correct flag usage displayed.

Author: Then I would go with `-v`, `--volume`. It might sound hilarious, but not all devs know the difference. Or which shorthand flag belongs to the long name.

| `WithNetworkAliases`                    | Assigns a network-scoped aliases to the container e.g. `--network-alias alias`.                                 |
| `WithPrivileged`                        | Sets the `--privileged` flag.                                                                                   |
| `WithCreateContainerParametersModifier` | Allows low level modifications of the Docker container create parameter.                                        |
| `WithOutputConsumer`                    | Redirects `stdout` and `stderr` to capture the container output.                                                |
| `WithWaitStrategy`                      | Sets the wait strategy to complete the container start and indicates when it is ready.                          |
| `WithStartupCallback`                   | Sets the startup callback to invoke after the container start.                                                  |

!!!tip

    Testcontainers for .NET detects your Docker host configuration. You do **not** have to set the Docker daemon socket.

!!!tip

>     Testcontainers for .NET detects private Docker registry configurations and applies the credentials automatic to authenticate against registries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Testcontainers for .NET detects private Docker registry configurations and applies the credentials automatically to authenticate against registries.
```

>     Testcontainers for .NET detects private Docker registry configurations and applies the credentials automatically to authenticate against registries.

Reviewer: Maybe better to move it above the table.

Author: Straight under the headline?
